# SimonGame

Objective: The objective of the Simon game is to remember and repeat a sequence of colors and sounds generated by the game.

Game Start: To start the game, you can either press any key on the keyboard (if the keypress event handler is enabled) or click on any button on the screen. This will trigger the nextSequence function, which generates a random color sequence and displays it to the player.

Remember the Sequence: Pay attention to the sequence of colors and sounds played by the game. Each color will flash briefly accompanied by a sound.

Repeat the Sequence: After the game has played the sequence, it's your turn to repeat it. Click on the buttons in the same order as the sequence played by the game. As you click each button, it will play the corresponding sound and briefly flash to indicate your selection.

Level Up: If you successfully repeat the sequence, the game will increment the level and play a longer sequence with one additional color.

Game Over: If you make a mistake and click the wrong button or click them in the wrong order, the game will end. It will play a "game over" sound, display a message indicating the game is over, and reset the game to the starting level.

Restart: To restart the game after it's over, simply press any key again (if the keypress event handler is enabled) or click on any button. This will start the game from the beginning.

Challenge Yourself: The game gets progressively more challenging as you advance through the levels, testing your memory and pattern recognition skills. See how far you can get and try to beat your high score!
